# MobileRechargeSystem
This user interface software is created to recharge the mobile numbers of particular networks and keep the records of the recharges done in the portal on a particular day. “OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING THROUGH C++” is taken as the programming language to do this project. The required concepts in C++ to do the project. 
In this project:
We will store the details of the customer which includes name, phone number, network, details of the plan purchased, date and time of purchase. Firstly, it asks whether the customer wanted to perform a charge, if yes, it will display a menu of networks available. After selection the network, it will take the details of the customer like name of the customer, phone number. Then it displays the menu of the available recharge plans for the selected network. After choosing the recharge plan, finally it asks for the mode of payment, either credit card/debit card/ net banking/UPI. It stores all these details in the file named “MOBILE RECHARGE LOG.txt”. The file is always opened in the appending mode to record all the details and store them for reference (in future), if required.
Apart from storing the details in the file, it also prints the bill on the screen. First it prints that recharge is successfully done and then it prints the details of the customer followed by the details of the recharge plan purchased by the customer. Then it prints the mode of payment , date and time of the purchase. And then it will display whether the customer wanted to perform another recharge, if  “Y” (yes), again the network menu will be shown. Otherwise, i.e., if “N” (no), the program will be terminated.
